MIT License + No Military Use

Copyright (c) 2018 Ian Danforth

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Using this software in source or binary format, with or without modification, 
to develop, modify or improve software, products or programs for military use
is not permitted without specific prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Explanation of the No Military Use Clause

This meaning of this phrase includes any use by a military, not just for 
combat. It also includes work by contractors explicitly for a military.

Example Use

You may incorporate this code into your own products so long as those products 
are not primarily for military use. If you use this code in a drafting program 
and the military used it, this would be permitted use. If you used it in a 
drafting program for nuclear submarines, this would be a prohibited use.

Developing a general use program, product or piece of software and then 
actively selling or marketing that program, product or software to a military 
organization would be a violation of the No Military Use clause.

OSI / FSF

The MIT + No Military Use License is not OSI or FSF approved. Users of the  
MIT + No Military Use License believe that software development is not a 
neutral act. In addition users believe that software development imposes a 
responsiblity on developers to consider the consequences of the use of their 
software and a responsibility to prevent its misuse. The unlimited freedoms of 
use codified by the OSI and FSF are incompatible with this view and are 
violated by this license. 
